# Glossary

This glossary provides definitions for terms and acronyms used throughout AeroSuite and this user
manual.

## A

__Administrator__: A user role with full system access and configuration privileges.

__API (Application Programming Interface)__: A set of protocols that allows external applications
to interact with AeroSuite.

__AS9100__: A quality management standard specifically for the aerospace industry.

__Audit__: A systematic examination of a supplier's quality management system, processes, or
products.

__Authentication__: The process of verifying a user's identity, typically through username/password
and potentially two-factor authentication.

__Authorization__: The process of determining what actions a user is allowed to perform based on
their role and permissions.

## B

__Batch__: A group of components or products manufactured together under the same conditions.

__Benchmark__: A standard or reference point used for comparison of performance metrics.

__Browser__: Software used to access AeroSuite, such as Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Safari.

## C

__CAPA (Corrective Action/Preventive Action)__: A quality system process for addressing and
preventing non-conformances.

__Certificate of Conformance (CoC)__: A document certifying that supplied goods or services meet
specified requirements.

__Certification__: Official documentation that verifies compliance with specific standards or
requirements.

__Checklist__: A standardized list of items to verify during an inspection or audit.

__Component__: An individual part or assembly used in the manufacturing process.

__Compliance__: Adherence to regulations, standards, or specifications.

__Corrective Action__: Steps taken to eliminate the cause of a detected non-conformity or other
undesirable situation.

__Critical Characteristic__: A feature of a part whose variation has significant influence on
product fit, performance, service life, or manufacturability.

__Customer__: An organization that receives products or services from your company.

## D

__Dashboard__: A visual display of key performance indicators and metrics.

__Data Export__: The process of extracting data from AeroSuite for use in other applications.

__Data Import__: The process of bringing external data into AeroSuite.

__Defect__: A non-conformance or deviation from specified requirements.

__Deviation__: An authorized departure from specified requirements.

__Documentation__: Records, specifications, procedures, and other information related to quality
management.

## E

__ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning)__: Business management software that integrates various
business processes.

__Export Control__: Regulations governing the export of certain products, particularly in aerospace.

## F

__FAI (First Article Inspection)__: A detailed inspection of the first part produced to verify it
meets all requirements.

__Filter__: A function that allows users to narrow down data based on specific criteria.

__First Pass Yield__: The percentage of units that pass inspection without requiring rework.

## G

__GD&T (Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing)__: A system for defining and communicating
engineering tolerances.

## I

__Inspection__: The examination of a product, process, or service to determine conformance to
requirements.

__Inspection Plan__: A documented description of inspection activities, including what to inspect,
when, and how.

__ISO 9001__: An international standard for quality management systems.

## K

__KPI (Key Performance Indicator)__: A measurable value that demonstrates how effectively
objectives are being achieved.

## L

__Lot__: A defined quantity of product processed together and considered as a unit.

## M

__Metrics__: Quantifiable measurements used to track and assess performance.

__Mobile App__: The AeroSuite application designed for use on smartphones and tablets.

__Module__: A functional section of the AeroSuite platform (e.g., Supplier Management, Inspection
Management).

## N

__NCR (Non-Conformance Report)__: A document describing a defect or issue that doesn't meet
requirements.

__Notification__: An alert sent to users about events or actions requiring attention.

## O

__Offline Mode__: The ability to use AeroSuite without an internet connection.

## P

__Permission__: A specific action a user is allowed to perform within the system.

__Preventive Action__: Steps taken to eliminate the cause of a potential non-conformity or other
undesirable situation.

__Process Capability__: A statistical measure of a process's ability to produce output within
specification limits.

## Q

__QMS (Quality Management System)__: A formalized system that documents processes, procedures, and
responsibilities for achieving quality policies and objectives.

__Quality Assurance (QA)__: Activities focused on providing confidence that quality requirements
will be fulfilled.

__Quality Control (QC)__: Activities focused on fulfilling quality requirements.

__Quality Manager__: A user role responsible for overseeing quality processes and standards.

## R

__RBAC (Role-Based Access Control)__: A method of regulating access based on user roles.

__Report__: A formatted presentation of data for analysis or documentation purposes.

__Requirement__: A specified need or expectation.

__Risk__: The effect of uncertainty on objectives, often assessed in terms of likelihood and impact.

__Risk Assessment__: The process of identifying and evaluating potential risks.

__Role__: A defined set of permissions assigned to users based on their job functions.

## S

__Sample__: A portion of a lot selected for inspection to represent the whole lot.

__SPC (Statistical Process Control)__: A method of quality control using statistical methods to
monitor and control a process.

__Specification__: A document stating requirements.

__Supplier__: An organization that provides products or services to your company.

__Supplier Performance__: Metrics used to evaluate a supplier's quality, delivery, and service.

__System Administrator__: A user responsible for maintaining and configuring the AeroSuite system.

## T

__Two-Factor Authentication (2FA)__: An extra layer of security requiring two forms of verification.

## U

__User__: An individual with access to the AeroSuite system.

__User Profile__: Personal information and preferences associated with a user account.

## V

__Validation__: Confirmation that requirements for a specific intended use or application have been
fulfilled.

__Verification__: Confirmation that specified requirements have been fulfilled.

__Version__: A specific release of the AeroSuite software.

## W

__Widget__: A modular component of the dashboard that displays specific information.

__Workflow__: A defined sequence of operations or tasks.

## Terms Specific to AeroSuite

__AeroSuite__: A comprehensive quality management system designed for the aerospace industry.

__Inspection Conductor__: The AeroSuite tool used to perform and document inspections.

__Quality Dashboard__: The main dashboard showing quality metrics and KPIs.

__Supplier Risk Score__: A numerical value representing the risk associated with a supplier.

__Supplier Performance Index (SPI)__: A composite score measuring overall supplier performance.

__Defect Tracking System (DTS)__: The AeroSuite module for recording and managing defects.

__Document Control Center (DCC)__: The AeroSuite module for managing quality documentation.

__Audit Management System (AMS)__: The AeroSuite module for planning and conducting audits.

__Quality Event__: Any occurrence that impacts or could impact product quality, requiring
documentation and possibly corrective action.

__Inspection Template__: A pre-defined set of inspection points and criteria that can be reused.

---

_This glossary is updated regularly as new terms are added to the system. Last updated: June 2024._
